Add a small example showcasing that async/await syntax is supported. (#55)
eugeniy/pytest-tornado: README.rst

        assert response.code == 200

> This marker supports writing tests with async/await syntax aswell:

Reviewer: Small typo:
```suggestion
This marker supports writing tests with async/await syntax as well:
```
